Dear Mr. Boumphrey,



We submitted our case for your review in March, but still have not received a response. 



Since there has been no movement on our case from the Seller Performance team, we are once again asking for your assistance in the reinstatement of our removed listing for the products that we source from our trusted supplier. 



We are respectfully requesting your assistance in the resolution of our issue.



Root Causes of Customer Complaints – Poor Inventory Quality Control:



Our listing ASIN B097H8Z2HG has been removed as you received the complaint about the condition or description of our items.

We have thoroughly reviewed our communications with customers to better understand the issue.

One customer complained that he received a defective package that was missing a lancet to obtain the blood. 

This happened due to our poor-quality control over inventory as we failed to put a lancet into the package.

We understand that it is our responsibility to create a positive shopping experience for your customers and take full responsibility for order defects.

We have solved this with an inventory quality control program.

We have thoroughly reviewed our sourcing, listings, packaging, and shipping:

Sourcing:  We have conducted a full investigation of our listings for ASIN B097H8Z2HG and would like to state that we source our products from a trusted supplier, DFI CO., LTD, and we’ve attached our invoices to prove so.

South Korea, Gyeongsangnam-do, Gimhae-si, Jillye-myeon, Gomo-ro, 388-25 KR; Tel. No: +82 55-346-1882; Fax: +82 55-346-1883; Email: sales@dficare.com; http://www.dficare.com/cosmetics/contact.html.

Invoice No. UK-240116, Item quantities: 6000, Invoice date: 01-16-2024

Invoice No. UK-231215, Item quantities: 2500, Invoice date: 12-15-2023.

Listings:  We have verified that the products are accurately described on Amazon with all the components accurately listed, including images, with no ambiguity. We have instituted a quality control plan to monitor our listings to ensure they are always up to date with manufacturer’s changes if there are any.

Packaging:  We have verified that the products are shipped to the customers in the original packaging of the manufacturer as listed on Amazon.

We are providing images of all sides of the product packaging.

We are providing images of the instructions for use included with the product.

Shipping:  We have taken all appropriate steps and quality checks to ensure that the products are stored, packed, and shipped appropriately.

We personally take full responsibility for having violated Amazon’s policies, even though we had no intention to do so.

\Actions Taken to Resolve the Complaint:



We have refunded every complaining customer.

We have attached the invoices from our supplier for the products in question.

We have implemented quality control programs to improve our inventory control.

We have attached images of all sides of the product packaging.

We have attached images of the instructions for use included with the product.

We have reviewed our quality control practices and have attached our Quality Control Check list covering the lot in question (dated Jan 29, 2024).

To address the issues raised, we have carefully read and understood our business solutions agreement with Amazon and Amazon’s policies, paying careful attention to Amazon’s anti-counterfeiting policy and intellectual property policy.  We have studied the prohibited seller activities, and product detail page rules and condition guidelines in Seller Central help.  We understand that it is our responsibility to source and sell only authentic products that do not infringe on the intellectual property rights of any third parties, and we understand that customers trust that they are buying authentic products when they shop on Amazon.

We paid particular attention to the following policies:

Condition Guidelines 

http://sellercentral.amazon.co.uk/gp/help/200339950

Product Detail Page Rules

http://sellercentral.amazon.co.uk/gp/help/200390640

Amazon Product Authenticity and Quality Help Page 

http://sellercentral.amazon.co.uk/gp/help/G202010130

Best Practices in Product Authenticity and Quality 

http://sellercentral.amazon.co.uk/learn/courses?ref =su courses c12m 554&courseid=12&moduleid=554

Prohibited Seller Activities and Actions 

http://sellercentral.amazon.co.uk/gp/help/200386250

Preventing Product Condition Issue http://sellercentral.amazon.co.uk/gp/help/GCQJVJ4WFDRT3MD6



Steps We Have Taken to Prevent Complaints in The Future:

Inventory Quality Control: 



To prevent future order defect issues, we have implemented an inventory quality control program:

We spot-check the lots of all incoming items, which ensures that each product taken into inventory is inspected for condition, quality, and functionality, is in good working order, matches the detail page exactly, and that inventory numbers are correct for each product listing.

We perform a physical inventory every quarter, to ensure our inventory matches exactly our stated inventory on Seller Central.

A ticket is created on all items that do not pass quality control, and any such products are removed for disposal.

Our management meet weekly with the quality assurance team to ascertain how to correct any defects, including changes or adjustments which may have to be made to suppliers.





Packing and Shipping:



We have reviewed with our personnel and have retrained them on packing and labeling procedures, and our quality control team will be doing random checks on their labeling and packing practices, which will be supervised by management.

We have appointed a warehouse supervisor, to oversee packing and shipping procedures and report to management any deficiencies. A random selection of cartons from an inbound shipment is separated for inspection.

Master cartons and product packaging is checked for out damage.

Products are checked for any damage. Any product which does not pass inspection is removed for disposal.

We meet each week with our warehouse supervisor to review his findings and any customer complaints.

We examine each product before shipping to make sure the packaging is current, genuine, matches the detail pages exactly, and which ensures that all items shipped to customers are in their original packaging that has never been opened, contains all the tags, and are in new and good condition.

We ship all our items in high quality boxes with industrial grade packaging and high-grade packing foam.

We also use high quality wrapping tape to make sure packages never come apart when shipped.

Our packing is done by highly trained employees and will guarantee that the items will arrive to customers exactly as we ship them.

We monitor customer returns and complaints on any products, as well as customer reviews on products we offer, as a quality control measure, to provide a good customer experience. Any product that creates a poor customer experience will be removed from our inventory until the issue is resolved.



We pledge to only list products that comply with all Amazon’s policies and guidelines, and applicable federal and state laws and regulations.  Please accept our plan as evidence of compliance with your policies.



Thank you for your consideration,



Mark Hanson

Home Health (UK) Ltd.

