Dear Mr. Jassy,



We are appealing product category change for our ASIN B079PB8HS3. We received a reply from Executive Brand Relations that node “Health/Products/Sexual Wellness" is suitable for our product.  We kindly call your attention to the fact that our product is a men’s cologne with pheromone scents. It does not improve the sexual wellness of any person as it is simply a men’s cologne that is marketed to appeal to women as a perfume.  We kindly ask a member of your escalation team to carefully review our updated plan below and reconsider their decision.

Root cause of the issue: Amazon is in error due to our poor quality control over listings

Our product ASIN B079PB8HS3 is a Men's Cologne that has a pheremone type scent. It does not improve sexual wellness or health as it is simply a perfume and it works accordingly – it attract’s women’s attention as any other cologne.

Due to our former unacceptable quality control over listings, this cologne was put in category of “Sexual Enhacers” and then to “Sexual Wellness”.

We understand that this product was assigned to the current category based on the detail page and how Amazon customers used to find products through search and browse.

We have changed our Product Detail Page so it does not contain sexually graphic images, or explicit language in the title or description.

Our product is NOT marketed to arouse, but to attract attention of the women by its scent just like any other men’s perfume as it may make men smell more attractive to women.

There are other products similar to ours that are marketed in Men’s Cologne category on your site (ASIN B014G8IYRM). Please see the attached images.

We understand that Amazon is committed to providing customers with the best possible shopping experience.

We want to sell this product in Men's Cologne category and consistently maintain a positive experience for your customers.

We take into consideration a number of factors to ensure a good shopping experience for our customers.

We kindly ask you to review our case from your end and assist change our product category to Men’s Cologne. 

 

Actions taken to Correct Issue

 

We have changed our Product Detail Page.

We have opened multiple cases with Seller Support.

We have attached images of the similar product that is marketed in Men’s Cologne category.

We have implemented quality control programs to improve our listing practices.

To address the issues raised, we have carefully read and understood our business solutions agreement with Amazon and Amazon’s selling policies.  We have studied the prohibited seller activities, as well as product detail page rules and condition guidelines in Seller Central Help.  We have paid particular attention to the Adult products policies and guidelines at: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/help/external/G200339940?language=en_US and have corrected our product detail page in accordance with them.

Our product does not contain explicit images, titles, or any other content intended to sexually arouse. 

Our product does not display or imply sexual activity in the product description or product images; and refers only to the natural attraction that a pheromone scent can produce, like other perfumes or scents are designed to attract the opposite sex.

The product is not intended only to promote or enhance sexual activity.  It is simply a men’s cologne that is marketed to appeal to women.



 

Steps taken to prevent policy violations in the future 

We have reviewed and will regularly monitor Amazon’s policies and content guidelines for any changes to make sure we are operating within those guidelines.

In the event we are unsure of any item we may choose to list for sale on Amazon.com, we will contact Amazon Seller Support for confirmation before listing it for sale.  

We respond immediately, in no case more than 24 hours, to all customer inquiries and refunds, and all return requests will be honored before any matters progress to A-Z claims and will provide excellent customer service and communication in order that each customer has a good shopping experience on Amazon and is satisfied with the products we offer

Our team has gone through each and every listing, including images, to make sure that each product we are selling is authentic, authorized, compatible, and matches exactly the product being depicted in the listing in every way, and does not violate any copyright, trademark or trade name of any third parties, and will monitor the listings on a regular basis to ensure that they are accurate and complete.  Any products that are not authentic or do not match the listing in every respect will be deleted from our inventory.

We have audited the detail pages, including descriptions and bullet points, to make sure they exactly match every feature on the product’s packaging and the manufacturer’s website.

Any products that do not match the listing in every respect will be deleted from inventory.

We will monitor our listings on a monthly basis, to make sure the images are current with the current manufacturer’s packaging.

We will monitor our listings on monthly to make sure we keep up with changes in manufacturer’s products and packaging.  Any products that are not authentic or do not match the listing in every respect will be deleted from our inventory.

We have reviewed and will regularly monitor Amazon’s content guidelines for any changes to make sure we are operating within those guidelines.

We have reviewed all of Amazon’s policies and guidelines and will follow them strictly in the future.  Please accept this appeal in compliance with your policies and change our product category to Men’s Cologne.



Thank you for your consideration,



Do Me Erotic

Merchant ID: A27RYK6TZ26KMF

amazon@protegebeauty.com

