Dear Seller Performance,

Our seller account has been deactivated due to a link with our employee’s personal account that was previously suspended.

The linked account, Used Manuals was REACTIVATED AND PERMANENTLY CLOSED on December 27, 2022. Please see the confirmation screenshot attached.

According to the notification we received, we now kindly ask you to reactivate this account as well, since the account causing the link is already closed.

Root cause of policy violation suspension

The root cause of our account being suspended for having a related account was because Amazon’s artificial intelligence has linked the seller account to another account our employee had for personal use.

We received notice that our account had been suspended for being related to another seller account.

The related seller account was opened by our employee in compliance with all Amazon policies for a separate personal purpose, but as she was working for us at the same time, she may have accessed both accounts from the same Wi-fi which caused the link.

Her account - Used Manuals - has been REACTIVATED ON December 27 and permanently closed on the same day. Please see confirmation email attached. 

We now kindly ask you to reactivate the current account, so we can continue selling our products.

Steps Taken to Resolve Issue

Our employee has reactivated the linked account and permanently closed it - Used Manuals - on December 27, 2022.

Please see confirmation screenshot attached.

There will continue to be no interaction between our seller account and any other seller account.



Why our account should be reinstated

We understand it is against Amazon’s policies to open more than one seller account without advance permission, and to open a new seller account after your selling privileges have been removed.

To address the issues raised, we have carefully read and understood our business solutions agreement with Amazon and Amazon’s policies.  We have studied the prohibited seller activities, as well as product detail page rules and condition guidelines in Seller Central help.

How we will avoid relationships with risky sellers moving forward

We understand that it is against Amazon’s policies to open more than one seller account without a valid business purpose.

We will restrict access to our account to our employees only and will not share addresses or bank accounts with anyone else.

We will use only Amazon approved service providers, who will register to work with our seller account only using the AWS procedure.  We will not otherwise give outside consultants access to our account.

We will change our passwords frequently and will set up access to our account using two-step verification.

We will keep the computer that handles our Amazon seller account separate from the other computers in our office.

We will monitor performance notifications on our account and will change our passwords frequently to be proactive.  We will use passwords that are between 8 and 12 characters long, using special symbols and upper and lower case letters and numerals.

We have created a password policy for our staff so that no unauthorized persons will have access to our passwords.

We will restrict access to our computers and control the access to the physical premises where they are kept and maintained.

We will update programs and systems regularly.

We understand that we made mistakes that led to this deactivation, but we have learned from them and resolved all the issue. Kindly reinstate our selling privileges for this account.

Thank you for your consideration,

Seymour Auto Wrecking Inc.

Merchant Token: A2UVZQUFMLNGVQ

lisa@seymourauto.com

