Dear Seller Performance,



Our account was deactivated because our products included materials asking a favorable review from customers. You have asked for a list of prohibited reviews and our detailed plan of action.



Description Of All Methods Used to Post Customer Reviews:



Our ASIN B08R6FWDKJ was flagged for review manipulation.

We were selling dietary supplements, and the issue arose due to a promotional sticker placed on the cap of our product packaging.

We placed a sticker on the lid of the product informing customers that they could receive the next bottle of supplements for free.

The sticker indicated a link to our website unalteredathletics.com/free where buyers could share their impressions about the product.

Initially, we did not explicitly ask for a positive review. However, we encouraged customers with positive experiences to transfer their reviews to Amazon, believing it was in compliance with Amazon’s policies.

We quickly realized that this approach might violate Amazon’s policies.

Leaving a review became optional, with no preference for positive or negative reviews.

Our website clearly stated that leaving a review was not mandatory, and we avoided any language that could be perceived as coercing.

We also asked customers to leave a review after using our product for 15 days, allowing them to form an honest opinion.

We now understand that some buyers may have still believed they needed to provide a favorable review to receive the free product, which was not our intention.

We understand that Amazon automatically sends out emails asking buyers to leave reviews and feedback.

Moving forward, we will rely on Amazon’s system for collecting reviews and will not engage in any practices that could be perceived as manipulation.



List Of Any Prohibited Reviews Remaining On Amazon:

We have tasked our tech team to recover the records of any reviews that were posted by customers who were offered a free product.

We are lacking technical capabilities to provide the review IDs in the requested RVBTR9XXXXMM format, but we are attaching a list with order IDs. We hope this will allow you identify the remaining prohibited reviews.

List Of All Products That Contain Materials Requesting A Review Or Ratings:

See attached CSV file.



Actions Taken to Resolve The Issues:

We have recalled the inventory for ASIN B08R6FWDKJ and will remove the stickers offering a free product.

We have completely disabled the free offering on our website https://unalteredathletics.com/free and issued an apology.

We have gone over all other products in our inventory and identified those that still contain the stickers offering a free product. We will be withdrawing them products as well.

For your reference, we have attached a screenshot with the form on our website that was used to ask for customer reviews.

We have photos of our product with the promotional sticker.



Plan That Explains How We Will Prevent Product Review Manipulation In The Future:

To address your concerns, we have carefully read, reviewed with our team, and understand Amazon’s business solutions agreement and Amazon’s Selling Policies, Seller Best Practices, and the prohibited seller activities in Seller Central help, paying particular attention to Amazon’s anti-manipulation policy for customer reviews and answers to questions about product reviews.  

We have implemented a new training program (once every week) and a more thorough one (once a month) to educate our staff members of the rules and regulations and selling policies we as a business have to follow in order to sell on Amazon.

Specifically, we have instructed our team that:

We will only use Seller Central internal system for customer communication and will not engage in additional communication with buyers to obtain reviews.

We will not sell or give away products in exchange for a review, or discount any products with the hope of obtaining a review, and we will only provide products if we are invited to participate in the Amazon Vine program.

We will not hire any third-party review services, give out any types of rewards or request positive reviews in the future.

We will not participate in groups that swap products for reviews or sell products for review purposes.

We will not purchase our own products to give to anyone for review, or ask our friends or family members to leave reviews on our products.

We will not comment on reviews or ask customers to change their reviews in any way.

We will not purchase our own products and will not leave reviews on them.

We will regularly monitor monthly Amazon’s selling policies and prohibited actions guidelines for any changes to make sure we are operating within acceptable guidelines.

We provide high-quality customer service, including handling refunds and returns in a timely manner.

We answer all customer service inquiries within 24 hours, and always provide excellent customer service.

We monitor customer returns and complaints on any products, as well as customer reviews on products we offer, as a quality control measure.  Any products that appear to create a poor customer experience will be withdrawn from our inventory.

We have thoroughly reviewed all of Amazon’s policies and guidelines, sincerely regret any violations, and pledge to adhere to them moving forward. We kindly request that you accept this appeal as evidence of our commitment to compliance and reinstate our account.



Thank you for your consideration,



Zachary Munoz

Unaltered Athletics

unalteredamazon@gmail.com

