Dear Seller Performance,

We are respectfully requesting a fresh review of our case, since we keep receiving the same template response to our appeal asking us to provide additional information about our permission to resell these products on Amazon.

Once again, we confirm that we have full right to resell these ASINs as we have all the supporting invoices and LOA from our supplier.

Root causes of the infringement---Error: Mistaken Trademark Infringement Complaint

We believe the rights owner has made an error in filing the trademark infringement complaint against our ASINs: B017EG012E, B076FZMQLD, and B00IPNJGQI (Complaint IDs: 15901113511, 15649043261, 15602749271). 

We have the proper authorization to resell these products, as they were purchased from an authorized wholesale distributor.

As a reputable company, we take intellectual property rights seriously and would never intentionally infringe on anyone's rights. We source our products from trusted suppliers to ensure full compliance. Please find the details of our supplier below:

Supplier Information: Parts Town, LLC, 27787 Network Place, Chicago, IL 60673-1277, Tel: 800-438-8898

Actions we have taken to resolve infringement complaints:

We have engaged an attorney who has reached out to the rights owner, requesting that they withdraw their complaint. 

Enclosed, you will find our invoices for the listed products, along with an authorization letter from our suppliers.

Steps we have taken to prevent violations in the future:

Listings Quality Control:

To prevent future infringement complaints, before listing any products on our seller account and before joining any listings:

We will investigate the intellectual property rights of third parties to ensure we do not violate any rights owner's intellectual property rights through the USPTO and US Copyright Office, as needed.

If in doubt, we will check with our lawyer to determine whether any item we intend to sell violates any third party’s intellectual property rights.



To ensure our listings comply with Amazon’s policies, we have audited all our listings and will audit every new listing before it goes live.

We have made sure that all details, including images, match the product we are offering exactly.

We have made sure that each product we are selling is authentic, compatible, and matches exactly the product being depicted in the listing in every way, including manufacturer, UPC, model number, condition, color and size, without any ambiguity.

We will make sure our descriptions are accurate, that there is no ambiguity, and the customer is well informed.



Management will monitor the listings on a monthly basis to ensure that they are accurate and complete.



Any products that are not authentic or do not match the listing in every respect will be withdrawn from our inventory.



We have met with our entire team to review our business solutions agreement with Amazon and Amazon’s policies, paying careful attention to Amazon’s anti-counterfeiting policy and intellectual property policy.

We have studied and reviewed with our team the prohibited seller activities, and product detail page rules and condition guidelines in Seller Central help.

We understand that it is our responsibility to source and sell only authentic products and to formulate listing detail pages that do not infringe on the intellectual property rights of any third parties.

We have appointed a qualified Quality Control supervisor who heads a Quality Control Team designed to monitor our listings and review all products we intend to take into inventory to ensure compliance with all Amazon’s selling policies and applicable local and federal laws.

We have reviewed and will regularly monitor Amazon’s content guidelines for any changes to make sure we are operating within those guidelines.



If we have any questions or doubts about listing any product for sale, we will contact Seller Support first before listing it for sale.

Sourcing Quality Control:

To be proactive and prevent future complaints, we will conduct research with the United States Patent and Trademark Office to ensure that we are not infringing on any trademarks.

If in doubt, we will also confirm with our attorney that our offerings are not infringing.

To prevent similar issues, we will source products only which we are approved to sell, or which are not restricted and do not require prior approval to sell, to ensure we will not sell any products that violate Amazon’s policies or sell any items that we do not have the approval to sell.

We have appointed a qualified Quality Control supervisor who heads a Quality Control Team designed to monitor our listings and review all products we intend to take into inventory to ensure compliance with all Amazon’s selling policies and applicable local and federal laws.

If we are in doubt as to the listing of any potential products, we will contact Seller Support for permission to list the product.



We promise to only list products that comply with all Amazon’s policies and guidelines, and applicable federal and state laws and regulations.  We have reviewed all Amazon’s policies and guidelines and will follow them in the future.  Please accept this plan as evidence of our efforts to comply with your policies.

Sincerely,

Tina Perebikovsky

TVP Global Services, Inc.

Amazon Store: Global Commercial Parts

Merchant ID: A3EPIN8KW1GGQX

