Dear Seller Performance Team,

Our seller account was put into review for sales velocity because our current sales volumes are not supported by buyer feedback or an established sales history.  Please see below our plan of action that addresses all of your concerns.

The following information should be helpful in your review:

Length of time in business: Since October 2019.

Anticipated monthly sales on Amazon.com: less than $100,000.

Addresses of retail locations: We have no physical retail store.  We do online sales through Amazon.com.

Tracking information for recently shipped orders: See attached tracking information.

Our Tax ID: 87-1282931.



Root causes of velocity limit review

We opened this seller account in October 2019, but we only started doing business in May 2021.

We have been using drop shipping business model and joined other listings and started to ramp up sales on our Amazon account.

There was an unexpected high demand for particular items that we were listing, and our sales volume grew very quickly, and we had been selling a lot.

All this time, our team was sourcing new items to add to our inventory to generate more sales.  We continued to maintain these high sales volumes due to the number of items we had listed for sale.  We were not prepared for this, and we did not expect the sales to grow so fast and did not anticipate that the products we listed were in high demand.

Actions we have taken to resolve the issues

We have established a sales velocity monitoring program to detect unusual peaks in our sales and promptly address them.

We have attached our EIN.

We have attached our order tracking information.

To address your concerns, we have carefully read, reviewed with our team, and understand Amazon’s business solutions agreement and policies, and have studied Selling Policies, Seller Best Practices, and the prohibited seller activities in Seller Central help, paying particular attention to Amazon’s price ranking prohibitions and Sales Velocity and Review.  We have reviewed “Misuse of ratings, feedback or reviews,” “Misuse of sales rank” and “Misuse of Search and Browse.”

Evidence or examples that demonstrate our account has complied with your policy

We have fulfilled all orders and customer requests.

We have carefully read, understood our business solutions agreement with Amazon and Amazon’s policies.  We have studied the prohibited seller activities, as well as product detail page rules and condition guidelines in Seller Central help.  We understand that it is our responsibility to ensure that customers receive their orders in good condition and on time.

Steps we have taken to prevent sales velocity violations in the future

We have formulated and implemented the following plan of action in order to ensure that we do not violate Amazon’s selling policies now or in the future.  All of these steps have been reviewed with our team:

Sales Velocity Monitoring:

We now monitor sales on existing listings for unusual activity and, if we suspect such activity, we will close the listing until such time as we can complete an investigation.

We now make sure that inventory numbers are correct for each product listing and we will do a physical inventory every month to make sure our physical inventory matches the inventory in Seller Central.

We have appointed a team member to monitor our listings and review all products in inventory to ensure compliance with all Amazon’s selling policies and applicable local and federal laws.

We monitor customer returns and complaints on any products, as well as customer reviews on products we offer, as a quality control measure, to provide a good customer experience.

We will not purchase our own products or ask friends or family members to purchase my own products on Amazon.

We will not solicit or knowingly accept fake or fraudulent orders, including placing orders for my own products.

We will not provide buyers with compensation for purchasing my products or provide claim codes to buyers for the purpose of inflating sales rank.

We will not make claims regarding a product’s best seller rank on the product detail page, including in the title or description.

We will not comment on reviews or ask customers to change their reviews in any way.

We will closely monitor selling metrics with our team and make sure they stay within acceptable levels.

We will not deeply discount products under cost and will only use sales methods approved by Amazon.



We have reviewed all Amazon’s policies and guidelines, regret that we have violated them, and pledge to follow them to the letter as well as to keep advised of any changes.  Please reinstate our seller account.

Sincerely,

Francesco Cecchini

LeisureImpexInc

Merchant Token ID: A1RTA6DL4Z5BYF

leisureimpexinc@gmail.com

