Dear Seller Performance,

I would like to address the deactivation of my seller account that occurred due to my failure to provide the requested documents.

I am now able to do so, therefore I am requesting a review of my detailed appeal below and assistance with a resolution of the issue.

Root cause of the suspension – lack of utility bill

I received a notification stating that my account was deactivated because your team needed additional information to verify my information.

At that time, I was not able to get a document from the list of accepted options for proof of address and the account was deactivated.

Even though I am the owner of the property, from 04/2023 -12/2023 it was rented out to a tenant which meant that all utility bills had been in the name of the tenant, not myself, the owner of the property.

In September 2024 I finally managed to switch the utility bill to my name and am now able to provide the correct supporting documentation.

Information on my account is the following: 

Name: CHRISTOPHER DOUGLAS SWARDSTROM

Address: 31967 VIA ENCIMA, SAN JUAN CAPISTRANO CA 92675-6790

The exact same information is reflected on the gas bill that I am providing for your review. 

Please assist with the full verification of the account and the reinstatement of my selling privileges.



Steps taken to resolve the issue

I solved the problems with my account by verifying that there is a valid credit card on file submitting the following:

My gas bill dated within the last 90 days.

My bank statement as additional proof of identity and address.

All the documents match the name and address on seller central.

Business license is not applicable.

Actions taken to prevent policy violations in the future

I have formulated and implemented the following plan of action in order to ensure that I do not violate Amazon’s selling policies now or in the future. 

I have reviewed all Amazon’s policies and guidelines, and pledge to follow them to the letter as well as to keep advised of any changes.

I have reviewed and will regularly monitor Amazon’s content guidelines for any changes to make sure I am operating within those guidelines.

In the event I am unsure of any item I may choose to list for sale on Amazon.com, we will contact Amazon Seller Support for confirmation before listing it for sale.

I will respond immediately, in no case more than 24 hours, to all customer inquiries and refund and all return requests will be honored before any matters progress to A-Z claims, and will provide excellent customer service and communication in order that each customer has a good shopping experience on Amazon and is satisfied with the products I offer.

I will monitor customer returns and complaints on any products, as well as customer reviews on products I offer, as a quality control measure, to provide a good customer experience.  I will promptly replace or refund any products in response to any customer complaints. Any products that appear to create a poor customer experience will be withdrawn from my inventory.

I have educated myself on Amazon’s policies and put sufficient business procedures into place to comply with your policies.  Please reinstate my selling privileges.

Thank you for your consideration,

Spectrence

Seller ID A26PVAFMXIW0HL

Vikingfba@outlook.com

