Dear Amazon KDP Team,

I kindly request a review of my updated appeal below by a senior manager on your team. My account was terminated after receiving notices from KDP that you have found that a title I published of camera user guides may be mistaken for a product instead of a book, even though it was clear to me that the subtitles described them as beginner’s guides.  Please review all the information below and grant me a chance to resume publishing on your platform.

Root causes—Poor Understanding of Meta Guidelines: 

My account was terminated due to publishing books with misleading metadata.

Before my account was terminated, I encountered challenges with my titles. I was notified that the following book could mislead customers, as they might be mistaken for products rather than books:

Canon EOS 550D For Beginners: A Beginner’s Guide to Learning About Your DSLR Camera, Lens, Filters and Much More, ID 59403223

I understand that the covers of my books should not mislead customers into thinking that they will receive products other than books and that the title itself should make it clear that the book is a camera guide rather than a camera.

I understand that if my book is about a product (in my case, different models of cameras), the cover should clearly reflect that the item for sale is a book and not the actual product.

Before I could make the necessary changes, my account was terminated.

I would never intentionally attempt to publish misleading content that could mislead or defraud your customers.



Actions Taken to Resolve Issue

As soon as I regain access to the account, I will promptly make the necessary changes to the affected titles. I now understand that these titles must be adjusted to prevent any misleading customer experiences, ensuring they are clearly identified as books and not as products.

I have carefully reviewed our agreement with KDP, KDP’s Terms of Service and Content Guidelines, paying particular attention to Metadata Guidelines for, Categories and Keywords and I fully understand that:

Choosing title and subtitle terms that clearly reflect the nature of the book.

Avoiding repetitive terms in the title and subtitle.

Avoiding descriptive terms in the title that should be included in the content description.

Choosing categories that accurately describe my book's central topic or storyline helps readers find your book where they’d expect it to be;

I must check the Low-content box when publishing a low content book title;

The keywords I am using must accurately portray my book's content.

The covers for my books and their content must not include images copied from the web and must clearly depict the product I am selling is a book.

I have carefully read and understood my agreement with KDP, and I have reviewed KDP’s Terms of Service, Content Guidelines, and Metadata Guidelines for Books.



Steps taken to prevent violations in the future



Before publishing any work, I conduct a plagiarism check with PlagScan software.  

Before publishing any work, I first do a general Google search on the title to ascertain if it may be confused with any other titles or items readily available on the web.  I also check the US Copyright Office copyright database to verify whether it is potentially infringing on any other rights holder’s intellectual property.

Before publishing any work, I will ensure the following:

That the author’s name is not confusingly similar to another.

That the title of the work is not confusingly similar to a previously published book.

That the cover of the book is not confusingly similar to a previously published book.

That the cover and text of the book accurately represent the contents of the book.

That the title and subtitle of the book accurately represent the contents of the book.

That the cover images are licensed or original and accurately depict the contents of the book.

I have reviewed and will regularly monitor KDP’s content guidelines for any changes to make sure I am operating within those guidelines.

I will monitor customer complaints and reviews on any titles, as a quality control measure, to provide a good customer experience.  Any titles that appear to create a poor customer experience will be withdrawn from our inventory.

I will ensure that all of the books I publish to KDP are professionally done, professionally edited, and I will continue to use an editor who is an expert at reviewing material to determine whether it is allowed on Amazon.

If I am in doubt about any book I choose to publish on KDP, I will first check with KDP help and KDP Support before submitting the title to your site.

I promise always to respect and follow the KDP and KDP Select Terms of Service.



I fully understand that I must learn from this incident and prevent it from ever happening in the future.  



Thank you for your consideration,

CRB Ventures

crb3312@gmail.com

